you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey there its Lucky
Penny shop we've got this cool three
pack of fun dough from cars Disney and
this came from Walgreens this is how we
find it's not we found it let me know
other information on it that's it
disney.com
let's check out a couple let's get in
here let's see what we've got in the
pack first they've got an excessive
amount of tape that's always challenging
when they do that it's like every spot
is tape it's very frustrating when you
want to get in there and you want to
play with something I don't have my
trusty knife with me so just gonna have
to bear with finger just gonna do it
okay go for the full ripich I gotta get
into this hopefully this just slides off
no it doesn't it's gotta be an easy way
to get in oh there we go
so let's see let's just look at this and
real quick cool tarz on there two ounces
conforms to what whatever this is the
batch number mmm it's a batch number
distributed by east-west distributing
company
Disney Pixar all right well you know
what more baggage to it it's almost
moist but still pliable it's still
pretty good so this stuff still a good
shape not bad
always cool open a new toys and product
isn't it I like this job does not get to
do that let's take a look at this one
look at this one cuz they all have the
exact same picture yeah did that to us
dinya well not much more don't need to
open those I think you know what it
looks like yeah let's open one more
where we got the loose
hopefully it's not all yellow in there
this
diello I'm not gonna be happy this one
should be orange right yeah it's almost
like a pinkish like a skintone color in
there look at Kenneth's like got this
weird leakage going on in the bag hmm
needs to be played with a little
interesting so that's it I don't think I
don't need to open the blue one now we
know the color of the egg is the color
of the dough so that's it hey we do
appreciate you watching our videos
thanks a lot
subscribe to the channel hang out with
us have fun with fun dough later thanks
for watching our video